README.md, before:

# action-lambda-python-zip
GitHub Action to make zip deployment to AWS Lambda with requirements in a separate layer.

[![GitHubActions](https://img.shields.io/badge/listed%20on-GitHubActions-blue.svg)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/aws-lambda-zip-deploy-python)

## Description
This action automatically installs requirements, zips and deploys the code including the dependencies as a separate layer.

#### Python 3.8 is supported

### Pre-requisites
In order for the Action to have access to the code, you must use the `actions/checkout@master` job before it. 

### Structure
- Lambda code should be `lambda_function.py`** unless you want to have a customized file name.
- **Dependencies must be stored in a `requirements.txt`**

### Environment variables
Storing credentials as secret is stronly recommended. 

- **AWS Credentials**  
    `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `REGION` are required.

### Inputs
- `lambda_region`  
- `lambda_layer_arn`  
    The ARN for the Lambda layer the dependencies should be pushed to **without the version** (version will be automatically updated on AWS).
- `lambda_function_name`  
    The Lambda function name. [From the AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/lambda/update-function-code.html), it can be any of the following:
    - Function name - `function-name`  
    - Function ARN - `arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:function-name`  
    - Partial ARN - `123456789012:function:function-name`
- `requirements_txt`
    The name/path for the `requirements.txt` file. Defaults to `requirements.txt`.

### Example Workflow
```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@master
    - name: Deploy code to Lambda
      uses: qubitro/action-lambda-python-zip@v1.0
      with:
        lambda_layer_arn: 'arn:aws:lambda:eu-central-1:222222222222:layer:layer-name'
        lambda_function_name: ${{ secrets.LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME }}
        lambda_region: 'eu-central-1'
      env:
        AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
        AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
```

Commit message:

feat: Exclude test forlder and other files when zipping code for lambda

README.md, after:

# action-lambda-python-zip
GitHub Action to make zip deployment to AWS Lambda with requirements in a separate layer.

[![GitHubActions](https://img.shields.io/badge/listed%20on-GitHubActions-blue.svg)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/aws-lambda-zip-deploy-python)

## Description
This action automatically installs requirements, zips and deploys the code including the dependencies as a separate layer.

#### Python 3.8 is supported

### Pre-requisites
In order for the Action to have access to the code, you must use the `actions/checkout@master` job before it. 

### Structure
- Lambda code should be `lambda_function.py`** unless you want to have a customized file name.
- **Dependencies must be stored in a `requirements.txt`**

### Environment variables
Storing credentials as secret is stronly recommended. 

- **AWS Credentials**  
    `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `REGION` are required.

### Inputs
- `lambda_region`  
- `lambda_layer_arn`  
    The ARN for the Lambda layer the dependencies should be pushed to **without the version** (version will be automatically updated on AWS).
- `lambda_function_name`  
    The Lambda function name. [From the AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/lambda/update-function-code.html), it can be any of the following:
    - Function name - `function-name`  
    - Function ARN - `arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:function-name`  
    - Partial ARN - `123456789012:function:function-name`
- `requirements_txt`
    The name/path for the `requirements.txt` file. Defaults to `requirements.txt`.
  `requirements_extra_index_url`
    Url to private repo, in order to add our libraries to the Lambda layer. Defaults to `None`.
### Example Workflow
```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@master
    - name: Deploy code to Lambda
      uses: qubitro/action-lambda-python-zip@v1.0
      with:
        lambda_layer_arn: 'arn:aws:lambda:eu-central-1:222222222222:layer:layer-name'
        lambda_function_name: ${{ secrets.LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME }}
        lambda_region: 'eu-central-1'
        requirements_extra_index_url: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_REPO_URL }}
      env:
        AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
        AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
```
